README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/638203747608166442/1037551642482053150/hermes-logo-v.1.png" alt="Hermes" width="450">
</h1>

<div align="center">

Hermes is a **modular framework** for node.js to make GRPC APIs.

We follow a *documentation first* philosophy, with the objective of *quality delivery* focusing on the *developer’s experience*.<br /> Hermes is a tool made *by devs for all devs*,
ranging all the way **from college work to corporate level projects**.

[Overview](#overview) •
[Use cases](#use-cases) •
[Architecture](#architecture)

<h1 align="center">
 <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/638203747608166442/1037591811390197770/carbon_7.png" width="900">
 <br><br />
</h1>
</div>

## Table of contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Motivations and premises](#motivations-and-premises)
- [Contributors](#contributors)


## Overview

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line

## Motivations and premises

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

## Contributors

 - rogerinn - Rogério Junior.
 - Zorazzy - Melissa Kilpp.

Commit message:

docs: add motivations and premises

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/638203747608166442/1037551642482053150/hermes-logo-v.1.png" alt="Hermes" width="450">
</h1>

<div align="center">

Hermes is a **modular framework** for node.js to make gRPC APIs.

We follow a *documentation first* philosophy, with the objective of *quality delivery* focusing on the *developer’s experience*.<br /> Hermes is a tool made *by devs for all devs*,
ranging all the way **from college work to corporate level projects**.

[Overview](#overview) •
[Use cases](#use-cases) •
[Architecture](#architecture)

<h1 align="center">
 <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/638203747608166442/1037591811390197770/carbon_7.png" width="900">
 <br><br />
</h1>
</div>

## Table of contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Motivations and premises](#motivations-and-premises)
    - [Motivations and premises](#motivations-and-premises)
    - [Motivations and premises](#motivations-and-premises)
- [Use cases](#use-cases)
    - [Motivations and premises](#motivations-and-premises)
    - [Motivations and premises](#motivations-and-premises)    
- [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
- [Branch flow](#branch-flow)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Design system](#design-system)
- [Standard recommendations](#standard-recommendations)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributors](#contributors)


## Overview

Hermes is a modular framework for node.js based on gRPC that works as a Message Oriented Middleware (MOM) by using the Observable pattern, functioning as the observer between publisher and subscriber communication.

By acting simultaneously as **the bridge for publisher and subscriber communication** and as **the notifications' handler**, Hermes removes the need for a connection with a third party for sending and receiving messages, centralizing and simplifying these functionalities.

Hermes' core features, being fully compatible with gRPC, are:

- Easy integration
- Multi-language communication
- High Performance
- Trustworthy APIs

## Motivations and premises

Our motivation is to turn coding into a more pleasant experience for the developer by making the process simpler, centralized, and better optimized.


## Contributors

  - rogerinn - Rogério Junior.
  - Zorazzy - Melissa Kilpp
